resource_control: add set resource group and resource group hint (#12866)
pingcap/docs: functions-and-operators/information-functions.md

|:-----|:------------|
| [`BENCHMARK()`](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/information-functions.html#function_benchmark) | Execute an expression in a loop |
| [`CONNECTION_ID()`](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/information-functions.html#function_connection-id) | Return the connection ID (thread ID) for the connection  |

> | `CURRENT_RESOURCE_GROUP()`  | Return the name of the currently connected resource group |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `CURRENT_RESOURCE_GROUP()`  | Return the name of the bind resource group of current session |
```
